docs(clp-s): Describe more compression options; Update out-of-date description of `archive-path` option for decompression and search. (#1030)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/user-guide/core-clp-s.md

```

* `archives-dir` is the directory that archives should be written to.

> * `input-path` is any new-line-delimited JSON (ndjson) log file, KV-IR file, URL pointing to such

Reviewer: The author of the ndjson spec has expressed willingness to deprecate the spec: https://www.github.com/ndjson/ndjson-spec/issues/35

Instead, JSON Lines (JSONL) was recommended. Shall we rename the references to JSONL?

> * `input-path` is any new-line-delimited JSON (ndjson) log file, KV-IR file, URL pointing to such
>   files, or directory containing such files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `input-path` is a filesystem path or URL to either:
  * a new-line-delimited JSON (ndjson) log file;
  * a KV-IR file; or
  * a directory containing such files.
```

> * `options` allow you to specify how data gets compressed into an archive, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `options` allow you to specify how data gets compressed into an archive. For example:
```

>   * `--single-file-archive` specifies that single-file archives should be produced (i.e. each

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `--single-file-archive` specifies that single-file archives should be produced (i.e., each
```

    archive is a single file in `archives-dir`).
  * `--file-type <json|kv-ir>` specifies whether the input files are encoded as ndjson or KV-IR.
  * `--timestamp-key <field-path>` specifies which field should be treated as each log event's
    timestamp.

>   * `--target-encoded-size` specifies the threshold in bytes for the size of the dictionaries and
>     encoded messages at which archives are split. This acts as a soft limit on memory usage for
>     compression, decompression, and search and also has a significant effect on compression ratio.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `--target-encoded-size <size>` specifies the threshold (in bytes) at which archives are split,
    where `size` is the total size of the dictionaries and encoded messages in an archive.
    * This option acts as a soft limit on memory usage for compression, decompression, and search.
    * This option significantly affects compression ratio.
```

  * `--structurize-arrays` specifies that arrays should be fully parsed and array entries should be
    encoded into dedicated columns.
  * `--auth <s3|none>` specifies the authentication method that should be used for network requests
    if the input path is a URL. When S3 authentication is enabled we issue a GET request following

>     the presigned URL v4 specification. This request draws on the environment variables

Reviewer 2: Can we link to the spec?

>     if the input path is a URL. When S3 authentication is enabled we issue a GET request following
>     the presigned URL v4 specification. This request draws on the environment variables
>     `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, and, optionally, `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` if it exists.
>     For more information on usage with S3, see our
>     [dedicated guide](#guides-using-object-storage/index).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    if the input path is a URL.
    * When S3 authentication is enabled, we issue a GET request following the presigned URL v4
      specification. This request uses the environment variables `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`,
      `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, and, optionally, `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` if it exists.
    * For more information on usage with S3, see our
      [dedicated guide](guides-using-object-storage/index).
```

```

* `archives-dir` is the directory that archives should be written to.
* `input-path` is a filesystem path or URL to either:
  * a new-line-delimited JSON (ndjson) log file;
  * a KV-IR file; or
  * a directory containing such files.
* `options` allow you to specify how data gets compressed into an archive. For example:
  * `--single-file-archive` specifies that single-file archives should be produced (i.e., each
    archive is a single file in `archives-dir`).
  * `--file-type <json|kv-ir>` specifies whether the input files are encoded as ndjson or KV-IR.
  * `--timestamp-key <field-path>` specifies which field should be treated as each log event's
    timestamp.
  * `--target-encoded-size <size>` specifies the threshold (in bytes) at which archives are split,
    where `size` is the total size of the dictionaries and encoded messages in an archive.
    * This option acts as a soft limit on memory usage for compression, decompression, and search.

>     * This option significantly affects compression the ratio.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * This option significantly affects compression ratio.
```

  * `--structurize-arrays` specifies that arrays should be fully parsed and array entries should be
    encoded into dedicated columns.
  * `--auth <s3|none>` specifies the authentication method that should be used for network requests
    if the input path is a URL.
    * When S3 authentication is enabled, we issue a GET request following the [AWS Signature Version

>       4 specification][1]. This request uses the environment variables `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`,
>       `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, and, optionally, `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` if it exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      4 specification][aws-signature-v4]. This request uses the environment variables
      `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, and, optionally, `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` if it
      exists.
```

We try to use named link references to make them more maintainable.

compression ratio and search performance.
:::

**Compress a KV-IR file stored on S3 to a single-file archive:**

```shell
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID='...' AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY='...' \

> ./clp-s c --single-file-archive --file-type kv-ir --auth s3 /mnt/data/archives \
> 'https://my-bucket.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/kvir-log.clp'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ./clp-s c --single-file-archive --file-type kv-ir --auth s3 /mnt/data/archives \
  https://my-bucket.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/kv-ir-log.clp
```

compression ratio and search performance.
:::

> **Compress a KV-IR file stored on S3 to a single-file archive:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Compress a KV-IR file stored on S3 into a single-file archive:**
```

Usage:

```shell
./clp-s x [<options>] <archives-path> <output-dir>
```

* `archives-path` is a directory containing archives, a path to an archive, or a URL pointing to a
  single-file archive.
* `output-dir` is the directory that decompressed logs should be written to.

> * `options` allow you to specify things like a specific archive (from within the directory
>   `archives-path`, if it is a directory) to decompress (`--archive-id <archive-id>`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `options` allow you to specify things like a specific archive (from within `archives-path`, if it
  is a directory) to decompress (`--archive-id <archive-id>`).
```

Usage:

```shell
./clp-s s [<options>] <archives-path> <kql-query>
```

* `archives-path` is a directory containing archives, a path to an archive, or a URL pointing to a
  single-file archive.
* `kql-query` is a [KQL](reference-json-search-syntax) query.

> * `options` allow you to specify things like a specific archive (from within the directory
>   `archives-path`, if it is a directory) to search (`--archive-id <archive-id>`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `options` allow you to specify things like a specific archive (from within `archives-path`, if it
  is a directory) to search (`--archive-id <archive-id>`).
```

  the same file.
* In addition, there are a few limitations, related to querying arrays, described in the search
  syntax [reference](reference-json-search-syntax).

> [1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sigv4-query-string-auth.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[aws-signature-v4]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sigv4-query-string-auth.html
```
